
:fragment:

////
//  Asynchronous and scheduled executions
////

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-async-conf]]
== Asynchronous and scheduled executions
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-async-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-async-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-async-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-async-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-async-conf-internals]]
=== Asynchronous and scheduled executions internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-async-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

////
//  Batch processing
////

== Batch processing
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-batch-spring-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-batch-spring-conf-configuration]]
=== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-batch-spring-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-batch-spring-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-batch-spring-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Batch processing internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-batch-spring-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

////
//	Business Process Management (BPM)
////

== Business Process Management (BPM)
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-workflow/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== Activiti-based implementation
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-workflow-activiti-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Configuration

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-workflow-activiti-conf-configuration]]
==== Activiti-based implementation
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-workflow-activiti-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-workflow/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-workflow/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Activiti-based BPM internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-workflow-activiti-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

////
//  Business Rules Management (BRM)
////

== Business Rules Management (BRM)
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-rules-drools-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-rules-drools-conf-configuration]]
=== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-rules-drools-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-rules-drools-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-rules-drools-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Drools-based BRM internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-rules-drools-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

////
//  Cache
////

== Cache
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-cache/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== Spring-based implementation
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-cache-spring-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-cache-spring-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-cache-spring-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-cache-spring-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-cache-spring-conf-internals]]
==== Spring-based cache internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-cache-spring-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Ehcache-based implementation
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-cache-ehcache-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-cache-ehcache-conf-configuration]]
==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-cache-ehcache-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-cache-ehcache-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-cache-ehcache-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Ehcache-based cache internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-cache-ehcache-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Other technologies for cache
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-documentation/features_cache_others.adoc[leveloffset=+2]


////
//  Connectivity utilities
////

== Connectivity utilities
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-common-connection/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-common-connection/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-common-connection/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

////
//  Cryptography utilities
////

== Cryptography utilities
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-common-cryptography/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-common-cryptography-java]]
=== Java Runtime Environemnt (JRE) considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-common-cryptography/java.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-common-cryptography/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-common-cryptography/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

////
//  Mail server
////

== Mail server
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-mail-javamail-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-mail-javamail-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-mail-javamail-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-mail-javamail-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-mail-javamail-conf-internals]]
=== Mail server internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-mail-javamail-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

////
//  Monitoring
////

== Monitoring
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-monitoring/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-monitoring/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-monitoring-configuration]]
=== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-monitoring/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-monitoring/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-monitoring/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-monitoring/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-monitoring/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

////
//  Performance
////

== Performance
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-performance-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-app-performance-conf-configuration]]
=== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-performance-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-performance-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-performance-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-app-performance-conf-internals]]
=== Performance internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-performance-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

////
//  Persistence
////

== Persistence
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-documentation/features_persistence.adoc[]


[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-jpa-hibernate-conf-overview]]
=== Object-relational mapping (O/RM): Spring Data JPA
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-jpa-hibernate-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-jpa-hibernate-conf-configuration]]
==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-jpa-hibernate-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-jpa-hibernate-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-jpa-hibernate-conf-maven]]
==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-jpa-hibernate-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-jpa-hibernate-conf-internals]]
==== Spring Data JPA-based persistence internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-jpa-hibernate-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


=== JDBC/SQL: MyBatis
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mybatis-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mybatis-conf-configuration]]
==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mybatis-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mybatis-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mybatis-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mybatis-conf-internals]]
==== MyBatis-based persistence internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mybatis-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mongodb-conf-overview]]
=== NoSQL: MongoDB
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mongodb-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mongodb-conf-configuration]]
==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mongodb-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mongodb-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mongodb-conf-maven]]
==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mongodb-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mongodb-conf-internals]]
==== Spring Data MongoDB-based persistence internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-persistence-mongodb-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

////
//  Presentation layer
////

[[presentation-layer]]
== Presentation layer
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-documentation/features_presentation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]


[[presentation-layer-common]]
=== Common functionality
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-common-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-common-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-common-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-common-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Common presentation layer functionality internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-common-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


[[presentation-layer-jsp]]
=== JavaServer Pages (JSP)
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-jsp-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-jsp-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-jsp-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-jsp-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== JavaServer Pages internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-jsp-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


[[presentation-layer-tiles]]
=== Apache Tiles
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-tiles-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-tiles-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-tiles-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-tiles-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Apache Tiles internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-tiles-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


[[presentation-layer-jsf]]
=== JavaServer Faces (JSF)
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-jsf-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-jsf-conf-configuration]]
==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-jsf-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-jsf-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-jsf-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== JavaServer Faces internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-jsf-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


=== Spring Web Flow (SWF)
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-webflow-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-webflow-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-webflow-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-webflow-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Spring Web Flow internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-webflow-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


// SWF+Tiles and SWF+JSF
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-documentation/features_presentation_swf_combinations.adoc[leveloffset=+1]


[[presentation-layer-thymeleaf]]
=== Thymeleaf
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-thymeleaf-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-thymeleaf-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-thymeleaf-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Thymeleaf Pages internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-webapp-thymeleaf-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


[[presentation-layer-other-technologies]]
=== Other technologies for the presentation layer
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-documentation/features_presentation_others.adoc[leveloffset=+2]


////
//  Reporting
////

== Reporting
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-reporting-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== JasperReports-based implementation
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-reporting-jasper-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-reporting-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-reporting-jasper-conf-configuration]]
==== JasperReports-based implementation
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-reporting-jasper-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-reporting-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-reporting-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-reporting-jasper-conf-internals]]
=== JasperReports-based reporting internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-reporting-jasper-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

////
//  REST web services consumer / publisher
////

== RESTful services

[[cloud-altemistafwk-common-rest]]
=== RESTful services client
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-common-rest/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-common-rest/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-common-rest/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== RESTful services publisher (REST server)
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-documentation/features_rest_server.adoc[leveloffset=+2]


////
//  Security
////

== Security
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-security-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-security-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-security-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-security-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-security-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-security-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-security-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-security-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-security-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Maven considerations

==== Authentication
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-security-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== HTTP security
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-security-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-security-conf-maven]]
==== Annotation driven authorization
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-security-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Security internals

==== Authentication
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-security-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== HTTP security
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-security-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Annotation driven authorization
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-security-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]



////
//  Security: OAuth 2.0
////

[[oauth2]]
== Security: OAuth 2.0
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-authzsrv-conf/oauth2-overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]


=== OAuth 2.0 Authorization server
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-authzsrv-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-authzsrv-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-authzsrv-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-authzsrv-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Authorization server internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-authzsrv-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


=== OAuth 2.0 Resource server
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-ressrv-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-ressrv-conf-configuration]]
==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-ressrv-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-ressrv-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-ressrv-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Resource server internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-ressrv-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


[[cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-client-conf]]
=== OAuth 2.0 Client

In Java scenarios, the preferred way to implement an OAuth 2.0 client is using `OAuth2RestTemplate`, an implementation of Spring `RestTemplate` capable of making OAuth2-authenticated REST requests. Any Java client (and, in particular, a {framework} business-tier service implementation), can invoke an OAuth 2.0 Resource Server through an `OAuth2RestTemplate` object as follows:

.com.mycompany.application.module.service.impl.ExampleServiceImpl.java
[source]
----
@Autowired
private OAuth2RestTemplate restTemplate; // <1>

ResponseEntity<String> response = restOperations.getForEntity(url, String.class); //<2>
----
<1> Inject the declared `OAuth2RestTemplate` object. The declaration can be of any of the following types: `RestOperations`, `OAuth2RestOperations`, `RestTemplate` or `OAuth2RestTemplate`.
<2> Use as any other `RestTemplate` object.

According the decision chart for the different <<cloud-altemistafwk-security-auth2srv-conf-oauth2-overview-grants,OAuth 2.0 grant types>>, each grant type covers a different scenario; hence each grant type client is addressed to a different situation. Hence, {framework} only provides native ways of declaring the `OAuth2RestTemplate` instance for _Authorization Code Grant_ and _Client Credentials Grant_ flows.

==== Authorization Code Grant

The type of authorization Authorization Code Grant is used as soon as the client is a web server, and most likely any {framework} application invoking an OAuth 2.0 Resource Server will use this grant type.

===== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-client-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

===== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-client-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

===== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-client-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

===== OAuth 2.0 Client internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-oauth2-client-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Client Credentials Grant

The type of authorization Client Credentials Grant is used for machine-to-machine authorization (e.g. an scheduled task where there is no end-user involved).

===== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-oauth2-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

===== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-oauth2-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

===== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-oauth2-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]


=== Other OAuth 2.0 Clients
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-documentation/features_oauth2client_others.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

////
//  Security: JWT OAuth 2.0
////

[[jwt]]
== Security: JWT Over OAuth 2.0
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-jwt-conf/jwt-overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]


=== JWT OAuth 2.0 Authorization server
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-jwt-authzsrv-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-jwt-authzsrv-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-jwt-authzsrv-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-jwt-authzsrv-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Authorization server internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-jwt-authzsrv-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Custom Claim generation
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-jwt-authzsrv-conf/customToken.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


=== JWT OAuth 2.0 Resource server
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-jwt-ressrv-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-app-jwt-ressrv-conf-configuration]]
==== Configurationn
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-jwt-ressrv-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-jwt-ressrv-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-jwt-ressrv-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Resource server internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-jwt-ressrv-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Token and Custom Claim access
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-app-jwt-ressrv-conf/customToken.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
////
//	SOAP web service interface / consumer / publisher
////

== SOAP web service


[[cloud-altemistafwk-common-soap-conf]]
=== SOAP web service interface
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-common-soap-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-common-soap-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-common-soap-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-common-soap-conf-consumer]]
=== SOAP web service consumer (SOAP client)
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-soap-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-soap-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considrations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-soap-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-soap-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


=== WS-Security for SOAP client
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-soap-wss-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-soap-wss-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-soap-wss-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-soap-wss-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== WS-Security for SOAP client internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-soap-wss-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-common-soap-conf-publisher]]
=== SOAP web service publisher (SOAP server)
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-soap-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-soap-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-soap-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-soap-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== SOAP server internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-soap-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


=== WS-Security for SOAP server
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-soap-wss-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-web-soap-wss-conf-configuration]]
==== Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-soap-wss-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plug-in considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-soap-wss-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-soap-wss-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== WS-Security for SOAP server internals
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-web-soap-wss-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]


////
// Microservices
////

== Microservices

[[microservices-infrastructure-feature]]
=== Microservice Infrastructure
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-config]]
==== Configuration Server
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-config-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-config-git]]
===== GIT Repository Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-config-conf/configuration_git.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

[[cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-config-filesystem]]
===== Filesystem Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-config-conf/configuration_filesystem.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

===== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-config-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Eureka Discovery Client considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-config-conf/spring_cloud_client.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-config-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Registry Server
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-registry-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-registry-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-registry-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Spring Cloud Eureka Dashboard
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-registry-conf/dashboard.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Gateway Server
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-gateway-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-gateway-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-gateway-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Gateway endpoint
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-gateway-conf/endpoint.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Gateway over Rest Template
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-gateway-conf/resttemplate.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Hystrix and Ribbon timeouts default properties
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-gateway-conf/defaultproperties.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Internals

====== Oauth 2.0 Authentication Filter
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-gateway-conf/internals.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Monitoring Server
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-monitoring-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-monitoring-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-monitoring-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Monitoring Server Dashboard
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-monitoring-conf/dashboard.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[microservice-infrastructure-zipkin]]
==== Zipkin Server
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-zipkin-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-zipkin-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-zipkin-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Zipkin Dashboard
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-zipkin-conf/dashboard.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Service Zipkin Endpoint Configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-zipkin-conf/service_endpoint_configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+3]



=== Microservice Application

[[microservice-application-sleuth]]
==== Sleuth feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-sleuth-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-sleuth-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-sleuth-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Circuit Breaker / Hystrix / Turbine feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-hystrix-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

===== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-hystrix-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-hystrix-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== HystrixCommand implementation
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-hystrix-conf/hystrix_command.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

////
// Integration
////

== Integration
//
[[integration-overview]]
=== Overview
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-amqp-feature]]
=== Integration AMQP feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-amqp-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-amqp-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-amqp-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[rabbit-mq-infrastructure]]
==== RabbitMQ Infrastructure configuration example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-amqp-conf/rabbitmq.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Sender implementation example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-amqp-conf/sender.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Listener implementation example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-amqp-conf/listener.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-file-feature]]
=== Integration File feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-file-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-file-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-file-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Inbound and Outbound Channel Adapters Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-file-conf/inbound_outbound.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-ftp-feature]]
=== Integration FTP feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-ftp-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-ftp-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-ftp-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Inbound and Outbound Channel Adapters Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-ftp-conf/inbound_outbound.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-http-feature]]
=== Integration HTTP feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-http-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-http-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-http-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Outbound Gateway Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-http-conf/outbound_gateway.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-jms-feature]]
=== Integration JMS feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-jms-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-jms-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-jms-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Channel Adapter Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-jms-conf/channel_adapter.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-jmx-feature]]
=== Integration JMX feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-jmx-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-jmx-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-jmx-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-jpa-feature]]
=== Integration JPA feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-jpa-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-jpa-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-jpa-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-mail-feature]]
=== Integration MAIL feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-mail-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-mail-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-mail-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Mail IMAP Channel Adapter Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-mail-conf/imap_example.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-mqtt-feature]]
=== Integration MQTT feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-mqtt-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-mqtt-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-mqtt-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== MQTT Outbound Gateway with Spring Integration Annotations Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-mqtt-conf/mqtt_annotation_example.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-resource-feature]]
=== Integration Resource feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-resource-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-resource-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-resource-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Resource Inbound Channel Adapter Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-resource-conf/resource_example.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-rmi-feature]]
=== Integration RMI feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-rmi-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-rmi-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-rmi-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-rmi-conf/rmi_example.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-sftp-feature]]
=== Integration SFTP feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-sftp-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-sftp-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-sftp-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== SFTP Examples
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-sftp-conf/sftp_examples.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-ip-feature]]
=== Integration TCP and UDP feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-ip-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-ip-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-ip-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Gateway example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-ip-conf/ip_example.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-ws-feature]]
=== Integration WebServices feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-ws-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-ws-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-ws-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Web Service throw Gateway Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-ws-conf/ws_example.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[integration-websocket-feature]]
=== Integration Web Sockets feature
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-websocket-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-websocket-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-websocket-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Web Sockets on Direct Channel Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-integration-websocket-conf/websockets_example.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

////
// Swagger
////

== Swagger
//
[[swagger-overview]]
=== OpenAPI
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-swagger/open_api.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Swagger Definition
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-swagger/swagger_definition.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Top-down approach
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-swagger/top_down.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

====== Creating The Source Code
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-swagger/swagger_codegen.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

====== Verification
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-swagger/verification_top.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Bottom-up approach
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-swagger/bottom_up.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

====== Verification
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-swagger/verification_bottom.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-swagger/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

===== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-swagger/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Set Up Swagger without Spring Boot
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-swagger/swagger_without_spring_boot.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Considerations with Spring Security
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-swagger/swagger_spring_security.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

== Message Broker

=== Overview
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== One To One
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message/one_to_one.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Publish/Subscribe
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message/publish_subscribe.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== ActiveMQ
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message-active/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message-active-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message-active-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

[[active-mq-configuration]]
==== ActiveMQ Infractructure configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message-active-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== ActiveMQ One To One Implementation Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message-active-conf/example_one.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== ActiveMQ Publish/Subscribe Implementation Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message-active-conf/example_publish.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

=== RabbitMQ
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message-rabbit/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message-rabbit-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message-rabbit-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

[[rabbit-mq-configuration]]
==== RabbitMQ Infractructure configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message-rabbit-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== RabbitMQ One To One Implementation Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message-rabbit-conf/example_one.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== RabbitMQ Publish/Subscribe Implementation Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-message-rabbit-conf/example_publish.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

== Docker

=== Overview
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-docker/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Docker in spring boot projects
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-docker/overview_boot.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-docker/plugin_boot.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[[push-image]]
==== Push your image to a local repository
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-docker/push_boot.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Docker in web application projects
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-docker/overview_web.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-docker/plugin_web.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Push your image to a local repository
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-docker/push_web.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Docker in microservices projects
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-docker/overview_micro.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Spring Cloud Stream

=== Overview
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-stream/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Binders
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-stream/binders.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[kafka-stream]]
=== Kafka
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-stream-kafka/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-stream-kafka-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-stream-kafka-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

[[kafka-configuration]]
==== Kafka configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-stream-kafka-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

[[rabbit-stream]]
=== RabbitMQ
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-stream-rabbit/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-stream-rabbit-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-stream-rabbit-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

[[rabbit-mq-cloud-configuration]]
==== RabbitMQ configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-stream-rabbit-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

=== Spring Cloud Stream Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-stream/example.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Consumer Groups
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-stream/groups.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Error Handling
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-stream/handling.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

== Spring Cloud Bus

=== Overview
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-bus-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-bus-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-bus-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Spring Cloud Bus Example
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-microservices-bus-conf/example.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Altemista

=== Overview
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-altemista/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Basic Concepts
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-altemista/basic_concepts.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Access Altemista
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-altemista/deploy_altemista.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[push-openshift-registry]]
=== Push Image Openshift Registry
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-altemista/push_image.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Deploy Image From External Registry
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-altemista/external_altemista.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[[image-from-openshift-registry]]
=== Deploy Image From Openshift Registry
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-altemista/openshift_altemista.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Deploy From File
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-altemista/deploy_file.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-altemista/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== Deploy Image From Command Line
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-altemista/deploy_command_line.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== ACF template
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-altemista/template.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Amazon Web Services
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-amazon/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Amazon Simple Storage Service
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-amazon-s3-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-amazon-s3-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-amazon-s3-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

=== Amazon Simple Queue Service
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-amazon-sqs-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-amazon-sqs-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-amazon-sqs-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

=== Amazon Simple Email Service
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-amazon-ses-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-amazon-ses-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-amazon-ses-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

=== Amazon Relational Database Service
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-amazon-rds-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-amazon-rds-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-amazon-rds-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]


////
// Azure
////

== Azure
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Azure Active Directory
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-active-directory-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Active Directory configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-active-directory-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-active-directory-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-active-directory-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

=== Azure Key Vault
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-key-vault-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Key Vault configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-key-vault-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-key-vault-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-key-vault-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

=== Azure Storage
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-storage-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Azure Storage configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-storage-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-storage-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-storage-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

=== Azure Service Bus
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-support-bus-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Service Bus configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-support-bus-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-support-bus-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-support-bus-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

=== Azure Cosmos Db
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-support-cosmos-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

==== Cosmos Db configuration
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-support-cosmos-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Maven considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-support-cosmos-conf/maven.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

==== Plugin considerations
include::{basedir}/cloud-altemistafwk-core-azure-support-cosmos-conf/plugin.adoc[leveloffset=+4]
