:doctype: book
:sectnums:
:nofooter:
:title: Getting Started with {framework}
= {title}
:author: {author} <{email}>
:revnumber: {project-version}

////
//	Asciidoctor i18n and configuration
////

:toc-title: Table of Contents

:tabsize: 2

:getting-started: true

////
//	Main body
////

This short guide provides a gentle learning curve for discovering {framework}, and walks Java architects and developers through their first steps using {framework}.

////
At the end of this guide you will have written, built and deployed your first {framework} application, and will be ready to explore the full _{framework} Reference Documentation_ for additional features not covered in this guide, advanced configurations and usage.
////

[[introduction]]
= Introduction to {framework}
:chapter-introduction:
:!chapter-number:
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-documentation/chapter_01_introduction.adoc[]

[[applications]]
= {framework} applications
:chapter-applications:
:!chapter-number:
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-documentation/chapter_02_applications.adoc[]

[[ide]]
= {framework} development environment
:chapter-ide:
:!chapter-number:
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-documentation/chapter_03_environment.adoc[]

[[natures]]
= {framework} natures overview
:chapter-natures:
:!chapter-number:

== _common_ projects
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-common/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

== _core_ projects
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-core/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

== _web_ projects
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-web-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

== _web application_ projects
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-webapp-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]


[[features]]
= {framework} features overview
:chapter-features:
:!chapter-number:

[[natures-common-exceptions]]
== Exception hierarchy
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-common/exceptions.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

== Logging
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-core/logging_overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== Configuration
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-core/logging_configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Configuration management
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-core/properties_overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

== Configuration CORS support
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-core/cors_overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[[presentation-layer]]
== Presentation layer
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-documentation/features_presentation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== Common functionality
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-webapp-common-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== JavaServer Pages (JSP)
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-webapp-jsp-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Apache Tiles
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-webapp-tiles-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== JavaServer Faces (JSF)
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-webapp-jsf-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Persistence: MyBatis
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-core-persistence-mybatis-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== Configuration
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-core-persistence-mybatis-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Persistence: Spring Data JPA
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-core-persistence-jpa-hibernate-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== Configuration
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-core-persistence-jpa-hibernate-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Performance
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-app-performance-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

== Security
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-app-security-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-core-security-conf/overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

=== Configuration
include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-app-security-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-core-security-conf/configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]


[[next-steps]]
= Next steps
:chapter-nextsteps:
:!chapter-number:

include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-documentation/next_steps.adoc[leveloffset=+1]



include::{basedir}/altemista-cloudfwk-documentation/footer.adoc[]